README.md, before:

Polymer Paper Form on Fire
============

##What it is

It is a Polymer Component Form that is based on Firebase a realitme server service owned by Google. The Firebase element it is on is called Firebase Element and was designed by the Google Polymer Team. It is also using [paper-date-picker](https://github.com/HackITtoday/paper-datepicker) another component we have created

We have put in an URL pointing to a demo firebase server in which you can see data being updated in realtime. 

The paper-date-picker element is [here](https://github.com/HackITtoday/paper-datepicker)

The polymer firebase element is [here](https://github.com/Polymer/firebase-element)

Firebase server service is [here](https://www.firebase.com)



## Testing Your Element

Add the logic specific to your new element and verify its functionality. Good unit tests are essential to your verification plan but a good way to quickly sanity test your component is to access your demo.html file via a local web server. There are several ways to do this but one easy method is to run a simple web server that ships with Python, using the commands:

```sh
python -m SimpleHTTPServer
```

Or other method using NodeJS:

```sh
http-server ./
```

This starts a web server on port 8000, so you can test your new element by navigating a browser to `localhost:8000/test/index.html`.

### web-component-tester

The tests are also compatible with [web-component-tester](https://github.com/Polymer/web-component-tester). You can run them on multiple local browsers via:

```sh
npm install -g web-component-tester
wct
```

Commit message:

added bower details and links to REAMDE

README.md, after:

Polymer Paper Form on Fire
============

##What it is

It's a quick and easy form we created. It is a Polymer Component Form that is based on Firebase a realitme server service owned by Google. The Firebase element it is on is called Firebase Element and was designed by the Google Polymer Team. It is also using [paper-date-picker](https://github.com/HackITtoday/paper-datepicker) another component we have created

We have put in an URL pointing to a demo firebase server in which you can see data being updated in realtime. 

The paper-date-picker element is [here](https://github.com/HackITtoday/paper-datepicker)

The polymer firebase element is [here](https://github.com/Polymer/firebase-element)

Firebase server service is [here](https://www.firebase.com)

You can change the URL to your own  Firebase URL. We have used [form.firebase.io-demo.com](form.firebase.io.demo.com). If you use the demo and send the form you can see the data update in real time. Which we think is very cool.

Remember it's free to create an account so it's easy to get it up and running. 

Also we connect [Zapier](https://zapier.com/) with another freea ccount to Firebase to get confirmation emails with the details of the form. You can change and use the form for anythying you like and get confirmations using a service like Zapier to anywhere you want. 

Licence: [MIT](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

##Bower Install

To install using bower.

>bower install paper-form-on-fire  --save

## Testing Your Element

Add the logic specific to your new element and verify its functionality. Good unit tests are essential to your verification plan but a good way to quickly sanity test your component is to access your demo.html file via a local web server. There are several ways to do this but one easy method is to run a simple web server that ships with Python, using the commands:

```sh
python -m SimpleHTTPServer
```

Or other method using NodeJS:

```sh
http-server ./
```

This starts a web server on port 8000, so you can test your new element by navigating a browser to `localhost:8000/test/index.html`.

### web-component-tester

The tests are also compatible with [web-component-tester](https://github.com/Polymer/web-component-tester). You can run them on multiple local browsers via:

```sh
npm install -g web-component-tester
wct
```
